[6.1.0] Add and update STS content (#3682)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/identity-federation/configure-ws-trust.md

    <p>The default value is <code>2</code> weeks.</p>
    </div></td>
    <td><code>2</code></td>
    </tr>
    </tbody>
    </table>

3. Expand **Inbound Authentication Configuration** > **Security Token Service Configuration** and click **Apply Security Policy**.
    
    ![apply security policy]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/ws-trust-apply-policy.png)

4. Select **Yes** from the **Enable Security?** list and select a pre-configured security scenario according to your requirements.
We will be using `UsernameToken` under the **Basic Scenarios** section for this tutorial.

    !!! note
        You can find further details about security policy scenarios from the **view scenario** option.

        ![enable-security]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/ws-trust-view-scenario.png)

5. Click **Next** and provide the required details as follows:

    !!! info
        The next steps may vary per the security scenario you have chosen under point (5) above. Given below are the steps for the **UsernameToken** scenario.

>     1. Select `ALL-USER-STORE-DOMAINS` as the domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select **ALL-USER-STORE-DOMAINS** as the domain.
```

    2. Select the role you created to grant permission to access a secured service. In this example, the `admin` role is used.
        ![select-domain]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/ws-trust-select-domain.png)

        !!! note

>             The **Select Domain** drop-down lists the available domains. The listed **User Groups** can vary depending on the domain selected from the drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The **Select Domain** list provides the available domains. The listed **User Groups** can vary depending on the domain selected from the list.
```

3. Enter the required details as given below.
    <table>
        <thead>
            <tr class="header">
                <th>Field</th>
                <th>Description</th>
                <th>Sample Value</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr class="odd">
                <td><strong>Endpoint Address</strong></td>
                <td>
                    <div class="content-wrapper">
                    <div>
                        Enter the trusted relying party's <strong>endpoint address</strong>, which is the endpoint address of the Security Token Service.
                        <p>The endpoint must be used as the service URL to which the token gets delivered by the STS client. Then select the public certificate imported. Tokens issued are encrypted using the public certificate of the trusted relying party. Therefore, the consumer who obtains this token to invoke the RP service will not be able to see the token.</p>
                        <div class="admonition note">
                            <p class="admonition-title">Note</p>

>                             Make sure to upload the certificate of the relying party to the trust store. For instructions, see <a href="https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/deploy/security/create-new-keystores/#add-ca-signed-certificates-to-keystores">adding CA-signed certificates to keystores</a>.

Reviewer: Why did we use the direct link here? was the a reason?
@divyaamunugama

5. Click **Next**.

    !!! info
        The next steps may vary per the security scenario you have chosen under point (5) above. Below is for **UsernameToken** scenario.

6. Provide the required details as follows:

    1. Select `ALL-USER-STORE-DOMAINS` as the domain.
    2. Select the role you created to grant permission to access a secured service. In this example, the admin role is used.
        ![select-domain]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/ws-trust-select-domain.png)

        !!! note
                The **Select Domain** drop-down lists many domains. The listed **User Groups** can vary depending on the domain selected.

7. Click **Finish**.
8. Click **Ok** on the confirmation dialog window that appears.
9. Click **Update** to save and complete the process.

Now STS is configured and secured with a username and password. Only users with the Admin role can consume the service.

The next step is to add a service provider to consume the STS.

## Configure the service provider

The steps in this section should be followed if you are using Holder of Key as the [subject confirmation method]({{base_path}}/references/concepts/authentication/intro-ws-trust/#subject-confirmation).

> For more information, see [how to configure STS for obtain tokens with Holder-Of-Key subject confirmation]({{base_path}}/learn/configuring-sts-for-obtaining-tokens-with-holder-of-key-subject-confirmation).
> 
> !!! Tip "Before you begin"
>     You must first [register a service provider]({{base_path}}/guides/applications/register-sp/).

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- For more information, see [how to configure STS for obtain tokens with Holder-Of-Key subject confirmation]({{base_path}}/learn/configuring-sts-for-obtaining-tokens-with-holder-of-key-subject-confirmation). -->

!!! Tip "Before you begin"
    You must first [register a service provider]({{base_path}}/guides/applications/register-sp/).
```

>     You must first [register a service provider]({{base_path}}/learn/adding-and-configuring-a-service-provider/#adding-a-service-provider).

Author: ```suggestion
    You must first [register a service provider]({{base_path}}//guides/applications/register-sp/).
```
